www.pftpedu.org pftp.community@gmail.com +92318-4321118
Full Stack Web Development
Assignment
Build the layout of a multiple pages.
DescriptionTips
1. Create a navigation bar and at the left of the navigation bar place a logo.
2. Add three links in the navigation bar Home, About & Contact.
3. At the right end of navigation bar add two buttons Sign Up & Log In.
4. Below the navigation bar create a section of full width and height of 100VH.
5. Place a Background Image and make its blend mode Darken.
6. Add a title and a subtitle on the image.
7. Build a footer of the page.
8. Link all the pages with home page(navigation must be same as of the Parent in all linked 
pages, design every page by your own creativity)
9. Use the external Style Sheet.
10. Make sure apply CSS on every element and make them look attractive.
How to Submit
After completing your assignment simply submit it by following these steps
For Google Drive
1. If your project file size is larger than 1MB make a zip file of your project folderfile
2. Upload it on Google drive
3. Right Click on your uploaded file in Google drive
4. Click on Share option
5. In Get link tab change the privacy of your link from Restricted to Anyone with the 
link.
6. After changing the privacy to public copy the link
7. Now paste the copied link in a Notepad or MS Word file or in Excel sheet
8. Now Go to assignment portal
9. Go to your course Assignment
10. Click on Choose file button
11. Upload your file and click on Submit button
For MEGA Drive
1. If your project file size is larger than 1MB make a zip file of your project folderfile
2. Upload it on MEGA Drive
3. Right Click on your uploaded file in MEGA drive
4. Click on Get linkMEGA link option
5. Copy the link
6. Now paste the copied link in a Notepad or MS Word file or in Excel sheet
7. Now Go to assignment portal
www.pftpedu.org pftp.community@gmail.com +92318-4321118
8. Go to your course Assignment
9. Click on Choose file button
10. Upload your file and click on Submit button
Guidelines
 Do not copy from any source, if you are taking any idea, text, graphic, or any type of 
helping material, try to reproduce it and also mention the source in caption
 Plagiarism is strictly prohibited in any type of submission on PFTP
 Management of PFTP will ensure similarity of your submitted work. It should not exceed 
15%.
 You may seek help from the instructor of PFTP via LMS messages, email and during 
question answer sessions, which will be occasionally conducted and intimated on prior to 
our students. 
 All submissions must be developed by the student himherself, so that we can assess 
whether the student is going in the right direction or not.
 Your submission should NOT be theoretical, use practical approach, and add more and 
more applied things in your submission
 PFTP has a clear policy of merit. We will evaluate all submissions 100% on merit base, 
there is no other parameter for the assessmentevaluation of your submitted work.
 Decision of the instructor and external evaluator will be considered as the final decision. 
Application for reconsideration of your submitted work will not be entertained by the 
management.
 Endorsement from industry and online practical-based projects will be given extra marks, 
which eventually affect the final grades as well.
 Try to be concise, avoid unnecessary details and demonstrate your idea clearly. Long 
drafts, containing many pictures etc. will be considered as negative, which will badly affect 
your final grades.
Note
 If you have any queries feel free to contact us on Chat box of your LMS.